Essentially, as a Wealth Manager,
my role is to support my clients
in creating an investment plan
that suits their needs.
Every day is different, which is one
of the reasons why I love the job
because no two clients are the same.
So my specialism that I work with within
the team is sport, media and entertainment clients.
So my client book tends to be
a lot younger than probably the average wealth client.
So I get a lot of clients coming to me asking
a lot around the retirement piece,
especially where someone's retirement might be at
35 years old rather than the traditional 55 at the moment.
That's quite a big topic of conversation.
How can you make that money last,
what could be 80 plus years for some clients?
So I suppose the reason that I love
my job and I do what I do is because
I love talking to people.
And the kind of crux of the role
of being a Wealth Manager, it's
relationship management.
You want to really understand people
and what positions they’re in,
in order to really give them the best advice possible.